(:fw (:h THE BYZANTINE OMELETTE)(:pg 161))

the prevailing fashion. She was hedged round with
a great peace, the peace of one who has attained a
desired end with much effort and perseverance, and
who has found it still eminently desirable in its
attainment. The Duke of Syria had consented to
come beneath her roof as a guest, was even now
installed beneath her roof, and would shortly be
sitting at her dining-table. As a good Socialist,
Sophie disapproved of social distinctions, and
derided the idea of a princely caste, but if there
were to be these artificial gradations of rank and
dignity she was pleased and anxious to have an
exalted specimen of an exalted order included in
her house-party. She was broad-minded enough to
love the sinner while hating the sin—not that she
entertained any warm feeling of personal affection
for the Duke of Syria, who was a comparative
stranger, but still, as Duke of Syria, he was very,
very welcome beneath her roof. She could not
have explained why, but no one was likely to ask
her for an explanation, and most hostesses envied
her.

“You must surpass yourself to-night, Richard-
son,” she said complacently to her maid; “I must
be looking my very best. We must all surpass our-
selves.”

The maid said nothing, but from the concentrated

(:fw (:sig M))