(:fw (:pg 170)(:h BEASTS AND SUPER-BEASTS))

of ‘people who must not be let off.’ I remember
when I was at a private school we had one day, the
last Monday of the term I think it was, consecrated
to the settlement of feuds and grudges; of course
we did not appreciate it as much as it deserved,
because, after all, any day of the term could be
used for that purpose. Still, if one had chastised
a smaller boy for being cheeky weeks before, one
was always permitted on that day to recall the
episode to his memory by chastising him again.
That is what the French call reconstructing the
crime.”

“I should call it reconstructing the punishment,”
said Mrs. Thackenbury; “and, anyhow, I don't
see how you could introduce a system of primitive
schoolboy vengeance into civilised adult life. We
haven't outgrown our passions, but we are supposed
to have learned how to keep them within strictly
decorous limits.”

“Of course the thing would have to be done
furtively and politely,” said Clovis; “the charm
of it would be that it would never be perfunctory
like the other thing. Now, for instance, you say
to yourself: ‘I must show the Webleys some atten-
tion at Christmas, they were kind to dear Bertie
at Bournemouth,’ and you send them a calendar,
and daily for six days after Christmas the male