II0 BEASTS AND SUPER-BEASTS

“By a snake?” came in excited chorus.

“It fascinated them with its deadly, glittering
eyes, one after the other, and struck them down
while they stood helpless. A bedridden neighbour,
who wasn't able to call for assistance, witnessed it
all from her bedroom window.”

“Well, I never!” broke in the chorus, with
variations.

“The interesting part of it is about the seventh
pullet, the one that didn't get killed,’ resumed
Blenkinthrope, slowly lighting a cigarette. His
diffidence had left him, and he was beginning to
realise how safe and easy depravity can seem once
one has the courage to begin. “The six dead birds
were Minorcas; the seventh was a Houdan with a
mop of feathers all over its eyes. It could hardly
see the snake at all, so of course it wasn't mesmerised
like the others. It just could see something wrig-
gling on the ground, and went for it and pecked it
to death.”

“Well, I'm blessed!” exclaimed the chorus.

In the course of the next few days Blenkinthrope
discovered how little the loss of one's self-respect
affects one when one has gained the esteem of the
world. His story found its way into one of the
poultry papers, and was copied thence into a daily
news-sheet aS a matter of general interest. A lady