THE YARKAND MANNER 157

““We insist on seeing the editor or some respon-
sible person,’ said the Prime Minister, and the
deputation forced its way in. The boy had spoken
truly; there was no one to be seen. In the whole
suite of rooms there was no sign of human life.

“Where is the editor?’ ‘Or the foreign
editor?’ ‘Or the chief leader-writer?’ ‘Or
anybody?’

“In answer to the shower of questions the boy
unlocked a drawer and produced a strange-looking
envelope, which bore a Khokand postmark, and a
date of some seven or eight months back. It con-
tained a scrap of paper on which was written the
following message:

“* Entire party captured by brigand tribe on home-
ward journey. Quarter of million demanded as
ransom, but would probably take less. Inform
Government, relations, and friends.’

“There followed the signatures of the principal
members of the party and instructions as to how
and where the money was to be paid.

“The letter had been directed to the office-boy-
in-charge, who had quietly suppressed it. No one
is a hero to one's own office-boy, and he evidently
considered that a quarter of a million was an
unwarrantable outlay for such a _ doubtfully