186 BEASTS AND SUPER-BEASTS

Vera nodded.

“The whole jolly lot of them.”

“In Betsy's cottage? Incredible!”

“Of course Betsy hasn't an idea as to what they
are,’ said Vera; “she just knows that they are
something valuable and that she must keep quiet
about them. I found out quite by accident what
they were and how they came to be there. You
see, the people who had them were at their wits’
end to know where to stow them away for safe
keeping, and some one who was motoring through
the village was struck by the snug loneliness of the
cottage and thought it would be just the thing.
Mrs. Lamper arranged the matter with Betsy and
smuggled the things in.”

“Mrs. Lamper?”

“Yes; she does a lot of district visiting, you know.”

“I am quite aware that she takes soup and
flannel and improving literature to the poorer
cottagers,” said Mrs. Bebberly Cumble, “but that
is hardly the same sort of thing as disposing of
stolen goods, and she must have known something
about their history; anyone who reads the papers,
even casually, must have been aware of the theft,
and I should think the things were not hard to
recognise. Mrs. Lamper has always had the reputa-
tion of being a very conscientious woman.”